The project is a website for a short film part of the 30MFF project. The video Saiki and I made acts as an advertisement for Al Yousef Center in Abu Dhabi that is a famous thrift store and a favourite of many students at NYUAD. Thrifting can be a very fun and vibrant experience where everyone often finds something for themselves because of the variety of items the store carries. 

The video revolves around the eclectic nature of the thrift store with the many things it has to offer. Thus, the website also attempts to create this fun, entertaining and positive atmosphere based on the video. For this, I chose a bright and playful color scheme that aims to be welcoming to the audience. It helps to set the tone for the video and the store that encourages them to ultimately engage with the website or visit the store. 

One of the main aims of the website and thrifting is to promote the idea of sustainability that is done by the bold message of the index page of lowering your carbon footprint along with news articles about thrifting in Abu Dhabi. To make the website welcoming and more engaging, there is a Google map embedded with the location for the audience to know where the store is located. Also, there is an ‘Inquiries’ page that has a form to serve the purpose of answering any questions that the audience may have along with providing information about selling any items at the store. In order to give a human touch to the website, there is a ‘Cast and Crew’ page that gives an idea of the people behind the website who would be involved in communicating with the audience through the ‘Inquiries’ page. 

Making this website was quite an experience with learning and teaching myself the basics of HTML, CSS and Javascript. It was a lot of trial and error of understanding and using appropriate code for the website. Even though it was done within a week’s time, I felt like it was a huge learning curve and I’m quite happy with how it turned out. I wish there was more time for me to refine the website and maybe get feedback from people to modify any elements accordingly. Overall, I think the atmosphere of the thrift shop was captured quite well in the video and the website.

